README.md, before:

## Handy tools for data scientists

## List of handy tools

[check_same_length](https://github.com/Max1993Liu/dstools/blob/master/utils/misc.py#L16) `A decorator that checks all the arguments to be the same length`

[EqualFrequencyBinning](https://github.com/Max1993Liu/dstools/blob/master/sklearn_extension/__init__.py#L1) `A wrapper for Pandas.qcut`

[WoeEncoder](https://github.com/Max1993Liu/dstools/blob/master/sklearn_extension/__init__.py#L1) `No documentation found.`

[AUCEpochEvaluator](https://github.com/Max1993Liu/dstools/blob/master/keras_extension/__init__.py#L1) `Callback for calculating AUC after every epoch`

[maybe_mkdir](https://github.com/Max1993Liu/dstools/blob/master/utils/misc.py#L4) `Create directory when it didn't exist.`

[iv](https://github.com/Max1993Liu/dstools/blob/master/sklearn_extension/feature_selection/univariate_selection.py#L33) `Compute the iv stats for each feature, return a list of woe value.`

[OrdinalEncoder](https://github.com/Max1993Liu/dstools/blob/master/sklearn_extension/__init__.py#L1) `Similar Scikit-Learn OrdinalEncoder but allows for`

[ChiSquareBinning](https://github.com/Max1993Liu/dstools/blob/master/sklearn_extension/__init__.py#L1) `No documentation found.`

[get_stats](https://github.com/Max1993Liu/dstools/blob/master/utils/timing.py#L27) `Return a pstats.Stats object from a statement.`

[NormDistOutlierRemover](https://github.com/Max1993Liu/dstools/blob/master/sklearn_extension/__init__.py#L1) `Removing outliers assuming data is independent and followes normal distribution`

[capture_output](https://github.com/Max1993Liu/dstools/blob/master/utils/io.py#L4) `Capture stdout and stderr as string.`

[print_stats](https://github.com/Max1993Liu/dstools/blob/master/utils/timing.py#L42) `Print out the profiling detail from the statement sorted by *keys`

[IQROutlierRemover](https://github.com/Max1993Liu/dstools/blob/master/sklearn_extension/__init__.py#L1) `Removing outlier based on IQR,`

[QuantileOutlierRemover](https://github.com/Max1993Liu/dstools/blob/master/sklearn_extension/__init__.py#L1) `Removing outlier when it's above or below a certain quantile,`

[today](https://github.com/Max1993Liu/dstools/blob/master/utils/date.py#L1) `Return the date of today as a string.`

[EqualWidthBinning](https://github.com/Max1993Liu/dstools/blob/master/sklearn_extension/__init__.py#L1) `A wrapper for Pandas.cut, the only difference is it returns the`

[woe](https://github.com/Max1993Liu/dstools/blob/master/sklearn_extension/feature_selection/univariate_selection.py#L6) `Return a series mapping feature value to its woe stats`

[ks_score](https://github.com/Max1993Liu/dstools/blob/master/metrics/__init__.py#L4) `Calculating the Kolmogorov-Smirnov score`

[timeit](https://github.com/Max1993Liu/dstools/blob/master/utils/timing.py#L6) `A decorator that times the function and logs the information.`

Commit message:

add ngram in misc.py

README.md, after:

## Handy tools for data scientists

## List of handy tools

[EqualWidthBinning](https://github.com/Max1993Liu/dstools/blob/master/sklearn_extension/__init__.py#L1) `A wrapper for Pandas.cut, the only difference is it returns the`

[IQROutlierRemover](https://github.com/Max1993Liu/dstools/blob/master/sklearn_extension/__init__.py#L1) `Removing outlier based on IQR,`

[print_stats](https://github.com/Max1993Liu/dstools/blob/master/utils/timing.py#L42) `Print out the profiling detail from the statement sorted by *keys`

[ks_score](https://github.com/Max1993Liu/dstools/blob/master/metrics/__init__.py#L4) `Calculating the Kolmogorov-Smirnov score`

[iv](https://github.com/Max1993Liu/dstools/blob/master/sklearn_extension/feature_selection/univariate_selection.py#L33) `Compute the iv stats for each feature, return a list of woe value.`

[ngram](https://github.com/Max1993Liu/dstools/blob/master/utils/misc.py#L30) `Generating n-gram from iterable.`

[woe](https://github.com/Max1993Liu/dstools/blob/master/sklearn_extension/feature_selection/univariate_selection.py#L6) `Return a series mapping feature value to its woe stats`

[maybe_mkdir](https://github.com/Max1993Liu/dstools/blob/master/utils/misc.py#L4) `Create directory when it didn't exist.`

[today](https://github.com/Max1993Liu/dstools/blob/master/utils/date.py#L1) `Return the date of today as a string.`

[timeit](https://github.com/Max1993Liu/dstools/blob/master/utils/timing.py#L6) `A decorator that times the function and logs the information.`

[QuantileOutlierRemover](https://github.com/Max1993Liu/dstools/blob/master/sklearn_extension/__init__.py#L1) `Removing outlier when it's above or below a certain quantile,`

[ChiSquareBinning](https://github.com/Max1993Liu/dstools/blob/master/sklearn_extension/__init__.py#L1) `No documentation found.`

[get_stats](https://github.com/Max1993Liu/dstools/blob/master/utils/timing.py#L27) `Return a pstats.Stats object from a statement.`

[capture_output](https://github.com/Max1993Liu/dstools/blob/master/utils/io.py#L4) `Capture stdout and stderr as string.`

[NormDistOutlierRemover](https://github.com/Max1993Liu/dstools/blob/master/sklearn_extension/__init__.py#L1) `Removing outliers assuming data is independent and followes normal distribution`

[OrdinalEncoder](https://github.com/Max1993Liu/dstools/blob/master/sklearn_extension/__init__.py#L1) `Similar Scikit-Learn OrdinalEncoder but allows for arbitrary ordering in the columns,`

[EqualFrequencyBinning](https://github.com/Max1993Liu/dstools/blob/master/sklearn_extension/__init__.py#L1) `A wrapper for Pandas.qcut`

[AUCEpochEvaluator](https://github.com/Max1993Liu/dstools/blob/master/keras_extension/__init__.py#L1) `Callback for calculating AUC after every epoch`

[check_same_length](https://github.com/Max1993Liu/dstools/blob/master/utils/misc.py#L16) `A decorator that checks all the arguments to be the same length`

[WoeEncoder](https://github.com/Max1993Liu/dstools/blob/master/sklearn_extension/__init__.py#L1) `No documentation found.`
